Greetings Warriors,

Tuesday missions report
The on-campus mission resulted in the humans being successful! With a total of 11 full sets of "selfies" submitted we were able to retrieve pieces of the net. Unfortunately the off-campus mission proved to be a failure, the humans could not put together the in time and hence forth the zombie stun timer has been reduced to 3 minutes.

On this day I fear the prophesied winters are come, Today we are called to defend the remnants of civilization. There remains two mid-guardian cities who have not fallen to the forces of chaos, and on this day, brave warriors, we are called to defend. On campus at Wolf Law Soccer Field will be soccer defense at 1:30 PM. As well, warriors, today more sustenance will be delivered, humans must gather supplies while they can to avoid starvation.

My children, survival is necessary, we are the last pillars of the realms. We must gather and prepare our forces for the days ahead, at Beach Park at 6 PM. There will be much needed supplies and we must race to retrieve them before the forces of death.

I have sent out more supplies to those in need. Unfortunately these supply drops are not protected by magic and now the zombies can steal the supplies. Luckily these supplies are not made from human flesh and are less effective in feeding the zombies. I also seem to have misplaced one of the supply drops, all I can remember is that it was at an odd sign location. Further rewards will be given to those who find it, please find it before the dead do.
Sign #4: 25 supplies, worth 10 points
Sign #10: 25 supplies, worth 10 points
Sign #16: 25 supplies, worth 10 points
Missing supply drop: 10 supplies, worth 40 points

Farewell my children,
The All Father


On-campus Rewards:
All players that participate in the on-campus mission will earn 15 points

Mission Failure:
Zombie stun timer reduced by 45 seconds for all zombies


Off-campus Rewards:
All players that participate in off-campus mission will earn 15 points

Mission Success:
Surviving humans earn 20 points + 1 supply drop

Mission Failure:
Zombie stun timer reduced by 45 seconds for all zombies
